Wife
I haven't got off work so late
How did you actually get in?
I called you and you didn't answer
You don't reply if you send a message.
I asked Assistant Lin to find out.
It turns out that you are still working overtime at the company
Sorry.
I didn't know the battery was dead.
Worried you
As long as you're okay
Have you eaten yet?
I didn't know it yet
I made it for you myself
Your favorite Kung Pao Chicken
You are so kind
Always there when I need it most
Is there so little to fight for?
I don't even want to eat
By the way, let me say it first
Don't you know
I can participate in the company's design competition
Yan will always participate for me
So I must work hard this time
Must not let him down
You Mr. Yan are so kind to you.
Oh, don't get me wrong.
We, Mr. Yan, are just sucking money
I just found out.
I joined Yan's Group with his special approval
By the way, Assistant Lin said that you helped Mr. Yan
Did you give him my resume?
Ah!
You know
Otherwise, my resume for my high school degree
How could it be in the hands of Mr. Yan?
In fact, you are really my noble
What am I?
If I had the ability of your CEO Yan
I won't let you suffer so much
Where are you wronged?
I don't feel wronged.
After marrying you
You not only helped me get rid of the cannibalistic family
Saved me again and again
He also helped me pay for my grandmother's medical expenses
Even entering the night market group
I got in because of you.
Ok
I'm just a despised farmer after all
Work
If I had your anorexia
It's good to have such an identity
I like you like this
Honest, kind and loving
Always helping others in obscurity
If you are really Yan Zhiqing
I will not marry you
Oh, why?